# Session 4: 16 Oct 2021

Go to: [All minutes](../../index.md) [Previous](07.md) [Next](21.md)

### Attendees

SS, AG, MS, HB, SP

### Agenda

1. Check with SS

2. 1. Necessity of Comments on Drone Rules 2021 vs say UTM Policy
    2. Timeline for UTM Policy

3. Comments on Drone Rules 2021

4. Work plan/timeline for the WG

5. 1. UTM-ATC/M integration: would it be an idea to talk to the leadership at ATM under AAI? I believe they have an office at the Safdarjung Airport. I don't know if Tanuj or Sid Shetty have already done this in the past?

### Minutes

1. Input from Rahul

2. 1. Team behind Drone Rules; we should think about setting up a dialogue - RM, MH, Kamakoti, Vijayraghavan

3. Work plan

4. 1. Sessions w/ Kamakoti, Smit

    2. Next Work Item: UTM Policy (incl. Remote ID)

    3. RFC sessions: [siddharth.shetty@ispirt.in](mailto:siddharth.shetty@ispirt.in) to plan meetings

    4. 1. ConOps

        2. 1. Technical ?? Sept 2021
            2. Open ?? Sept 2021

        3. UTM Policy

        4. 1. Technical ?? Oct 2021
            2. Open ?? Oct 2021

5. Name for the group: suggestions- Bharat Drone Fly
