# Session 38: 28 Dec 2021

Go to: [All minutes](../../index.md) [Previous](26.md) [Next](../../2022/01/02.md)

## Agenda

**Technology Track**

1. Post-discussion on MeitY meeting

## Attendees

SP, AG, SR

## Minutes

1. Target UTM ConOps as sole focus for January
2. Divide and conquer for UTM ConOps
    1. Aside from completing [literature review](https://ispirt.github.io/pushpaka/work-items/i05/#state-of-the-art) (see also [GitHub issues](https://github.com/iSPIRT/pushpaka/issues))
    2. We have to start adding content to the UTM ConOps in the context of whatever domain/documents each of the team has reviewed
    3. Suggested internal deadline for pt 2.2 (above): 15 Jan
    4. Following this we can have an RFC phase 15-31 Jan
3. We should not make any assumptions about MeitY conference as a platform, and have a plan to start building industry consensus on ConOps independent of it
4. Planned meetings this week
    1. 31st is cancelled; Happy new year everyone
    2. 2nd (tentative): please get back with availability on Whatsapp
    3. 4th Jan (confirmed): Wrap up SR's FAA ConOps v1 and plan activity for Jan.
